add v6.1.5 release notes (#12671)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.1.5.md

---
title: TiDB 6.1.5 Release Notes
summary: Learn about the compatibility changes, improvements, and bug fixes in TiDB 6.1.5.
---

# TiDB 6.1.5 Release Notes

Release date: February 28, 2023

TiDB version: 6.1.5

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.1/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.1/production-deployment-using-tiup) | [Installation packages](https://www.pingcap.com/download/?version=v6.1.5#version-list)

## Compatibility changes

> - Starting from February 20, 2023, the telemetry feature is disabled by default in new versions of TiDB and TiDB Dashboard, including v6.1.5, and usage information is not collected and shared with PingCAP. Before upgrading to these versions, if the cluster uses the default telemetry configuration, the telemetry feature is disabled after the upgrade. See [TiDB Release Timeline](/releases/release-timeline.md) for the specific version.

Author: ```suggestion
- Starting from February 20, 2023, the telemetry feature is disabled by default in new versions of TiDB and TiDB Dashboard, including v6.1.5, and usage information is not collected and shared with PingCAP. Before upgrading to these versions, if the cluster uses the default telemetry configuration, the telemetry feature is disabled after the upgrade. See [TiDB Release Timeline](/releases/release-timeline.md) for a specific version.
```

>     - The default value of the [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry-introduced-from-v402-version) system variable is changed from `ON` to `OFF`.
>     - The default value of the TiDB [`enable-telemetry`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-telemetry-introduced-from-v402-version) configuration item is changed from `true` to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
    - The default value of the [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry-new-in-v402) system variable is changed from `ON` to `OFF`.
    - The default value of the TiDB [`enable-telemetry`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-telemetry-new-in-v402) configuration item is changed from `true` to `false`.
```
